past the Fuji building Fuji TV building
that is in the eastern fringes of Tokyo
where the Haneda Airport is where a
number of of industrial complexes are
where these pictures are coming from I
can't be so specific but it certainly
gives you an idea of the extent of this
earthquake huge damage and certainly it
does and we're just getting reports from
AFP music most hard again Tokyo further
down also has a jut of land sticking out
past it past the most densely populated
areas of Tokyo so it's unlikely that
that a tsunami of 1 meter even even of a
few meters would sweep across buildings
in Tokyo and and and damage it in a way
that would be sort of immediately
recognizable as Tokyo being hit by a
huge tsunami but Tokyo is a vast
agglomeration of of urban scape and it
certainly stretches all the way out to
the to the East Coast there so as well
as the immediate damage in in Miyagi
Prefecture I'm sure there are serious
warnings for what might happen in Tokyo
and again just look at all of this
serious damage happening even as we're
watching it they are truly extraordinary
pictures that sweep of water rushing
through they're picking up boats and
anything in its path Harry thank you
very much for joining us there from
Kuala Lumpur we can now go to Japan and
join Takehiko ku Sabha senior journalist
for NHK we are seeing strawberry
pictures coming to us from Japanese
television of this sweep of water
gluttonous where this city where which
city in Japan has been inundated by the
tsunami and the damage that you know has
happened yes Takehiko couscous odd if
you can hear me can you tell us what is
the extent of the damage from this
earthquake
I'll show you we are not sure yet but
you might see the NXT wall the footage
done on that footage as you know many
cars are now swiping
how to bite gift of the water I must you
are not be sure that as a tsunami so
many cars are now throwing by the water
with a liver on the sea and again this
moment I will channel from how much
damage is to eat then it will be that
some people job okay so can you tell us
what your experience was there in Tokyo
after the quake struck because with